# CreatePurchaseResult

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**PurchaseId** | Pointer to **int64** | The identifier for the just created purchase. It is generated by our service. | [optional] 
**PurchaseIdStr** | Pointer to **string** | The identifier for the just created purchase as String to bypass deserialization issues in some programming languages e.x. Javascript and Typescript.  It is generated by our service. | [optional] 
**ClientReferenceNumber** | Pointer to **string** | Represents the reference number provided by client to trace the purchase in our system. The reference number between client purchases must be unique. | [optional] 
**PspSwitchingUrl** | Pointer to **string** | The URL pointing to our PSP switching web service.  The client must redirect its user to this URL.  The user will be redirected to a PSP after initializing the purchase. | [optional] 
**Fee** | Pointer to **int64** | Represents the Jibit fee of the purchase.  This is available only if the **Early Fee Calculation** feature is enabled. | [optional] 
**AffiliateFee** | Pointer to **int64** | Represents the affiliate fee of client&#39;s reseller.  This is available only if the **Early Fee Calculation** feature is enabled and the client has a reseller. | [optional] 
**ShaparakFee** | Pointer to **int64** | Represents the Shaparak fee of the purchase. | [optional] 
**NetAmount** | Pointer to **int64** | Represents the net amount of purchase that will be settled with the client.  &#x60;Net Amount &#x3D;&#x3D; Amount + Wage - Prepaid Fee - Prepaid Affiliate Fee - Shaparak Fee&#x60;.  If the client has no reseller, affiliate fee will be assumed as 0 in the above formula.  Fee and Affiliate Fee are decreased from purchase amount only in pre-paid mode.  Notes: In any case, The &#x60;Amount + Wage&#x60; will be added to the client&#39;s wallet default balance type (WLT) on purchase success.  After Shaparak (or PSP) settlement, the net amount will be added to the client&#39;s settleable balance type (STL) or settled directly to the client&#39;s IBAN.  This is available only if the **Early Fee Calculation** feature is enabled. | [optional] 
**Currency** | Pointer to **string** | Represents the currency type. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewCreatePurchaseResult

`func NewCreatePurchaseResult() *CreatePurchaseResult`

NewCreatePurchaseResult instantiates a new CreatePurchaseResult object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewCreatePurchaseResultWithDefaults

`func NewCreatePurchaseResultWithDefaults() *CreatePurchaseResult`

NewCreatePurchaseResultWithDefaults instantiates a new CreatePurchaseResult object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetPurchaseId

`func (o *CreatePurchaseResult) GetPurchaseId() int64`

GetPurchaseId returns the PurchaseId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPurchaseIdOk

`func (o *CreatePurchaseResult) GetPurchaseIdOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetPurchaseIdOk returns a tuple with the PurchaseId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPurchaseId

`func (o *CreatePurchaseResult) SetPurchaseId(v int64)`

SetPurchaseId sets PurchaseId field to given value.

### HasPurchaseId

`func (o *CreatePurchaseResult) HasPurchaseId() bool`

HasPurchaseId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPurchaseIdStr

`func (o *CreatePurchaseResult) GetPurchaseIdStr() string`

GetPurchaseIdStr returns the PurchaseIdStr field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPurchaseIdStrOk

`func (o *CreatePurchaseResult) GetPurchaseIdStrOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPurchaseIdStrOk returns a tuple with the PurchaseIdStr field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPurchaseIdStr

`func (o *CreatePurchaseResult) SetPurchaseIdStr(v string)`

SetPurchaseIdStr sets PurchaseIdStr field to given value.

### HasPurchaseIdStr

`func (o *CreatePurchaseResult) HasPurchaseIdStr() bool`

HasPurchaseIdStr returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetClientReferenceNumber

`func (o *CreatePurchaseResult) GetClientReferenceNumber() string`

GetClientReferenceNumber returns the ClientReferenceNumber field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetClientReferenceNumberOk

`func (o *CreatePurchaseResult) GetClientReferenceNumberOk() (*string, bool)`

GetClientReferenceNumberOk returns a tuple with the ClientReferenceNumber field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetClientReferenceNumber

`func (o *CreatePurchaseResult) SetClientReferenceNumber(v string)`

SetClientReferenceNumber sets ClientReferenceNumber field to given value.

### HasClientReferenceNumber

`func (o *CreatePurchaseResult) HasClientReferenceNumber() bool`

HasClientReferenceNumber returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPspSwitchingUrl

`func (o *CreatePurchaseResult) GetPspSwitchingUrl() string`

GetPspSwitchingUrl returns the PspSwitchingUrl field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPspSwitchingUrlOk

`func (o *CreatePurchaseResult) GetPspSwitchingUrlOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPspSwitchingUrlOk returns a tuple with the PspSwitchingUrl field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPspSwitchingUrl

`func (o *CreatePurchaseResult) SetPspSwitchingUrl(v string)`

SetPspSwitchingUrl sets PspSwitchingUrl field to given value.

### HasPspSwitchingUrl

`func (o *CreatePurchaseResult) HasPspSwitchingUrl() bool`

HasPspSwitchingUrl returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetFee

`func (o *CreatePurchaseResult) GetFee() int64`

GetFee returns the Fee field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFeeOk

`func (o *CreatePurchaseResult) GetFeeOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetFeeOk returns a tuple with the Fee field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFee

`func (o *CreatePurchaseResult) SetFee(v int64)`

SetFee sets Fee field to given value.

### HasFee

`func (o *CreatePurchaseResult) HasFee() bool`

HasFee returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAffiliateFee

`func (o *CreatePurchaseResult) GetAffiliateFee() int64`

GetAffiliateFee returns the AffiliateFee field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAffiliateFeeOk

`func (o *CreatePurchaseResult) GetAffiliateFeeOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetAffiliateFeeOk returns a tuple with the AffiliateFee field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAffiliateFee

`func (o *CreatePurchaseResult) SetAffiliateFee(v int64)`

SetAffiliateFee sets AffiliateFee field to given value.

### HasAffiliateFee

`func (o *CreatePurchaseResult) HasAffiliateFee() bool`

HasAffiliateFee returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetShaparakFee

`func (o *CreatePurchaseResult) GetShaparakFee() int64`

GetShaparakFee returns the ShaparakFee field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetShaparakFeeOk

`func (o *CreatePurchaseResult) GetShaparakFeeOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetShaparakFeeOk returns a tuple with the ShaparakFee field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetShaparakFee

`func (o *CreatePurchaseResult) SetShaparakFee(v int64)`

SetShaparakFee sets ShaparakFee field to given value.

### HasShaparakFee

`func (o *CreatePurchaseResult) HasShaparakFee() bool`

HasShaparakFee returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetNetAmount

`func (o *CreatePurchaseResult) GetNetAmount() int64`

GetNetAmount returns the NetAmount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNetAmountOk

`func (o *CreatePurchaseResult) GetNetAmountOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetNetAmountOk returns a tuple with the NetAmount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNetAmount

`func (o *CreatePurchaseResult) SetNetAmount(v int64)`

SetNetAmount sets NetAmount field to given value.

### HasNetAmount

`func (o *CreatePurchaseResult) HasNetAmount() bool`

HasNetAmount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCurrency

`func (o *CreatePurchaseResult) GetCurrency() string`

GetCurrency returns the Currency field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCurrencyOk

`func (o *CreatePurchaseResult) GetCurrencyOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCurrencyOk returns a tuple with the Currency field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCurrency

`func (o *CreatePurchaseResult) SetCurrency(v string)`

SetCurrency sets Currency field to given value.

### HasCurrency

`func (o *CreatePurchaseResult) HasCurrency() bool`

HasCurrency returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


