# DetailedPurchaseDto

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**PurchaseId** | Pointer to **int64** | Represents the purchase identifier. | [optional] 
**PurchaseIdStr** | Pointer to **string** | Represents the purchase identifier as String to bypass deserialization issues in some programming languages e.x. Javascript and Typescript. | [optional] 
**Amount** | Pointer to **int64** | Represents the amount of purchase. | [optional] 
**Wage** | Pointer to **int64** | Represents the wage of purchase given by client. | [optional] 
**Fee** | Pointer to **int64** | Represents the Jibit fee for this purchase. | [optional] 
**FeePaymentType** | Pointer to **string** | Represents the payment type of purchase fee. | [optional] 
**ShaparakFee** | Pointer to **int64** | Represents the Shaparak fee for this purchase. | [optional] 
**ResellerCode** | Pointer to **string** | Represents the reseller code for this purchase. | [optional] 
**AffiliateFee** | Pointer to **int64** | Represents the reseller affiliate fee for this purchase. | [optional] 
**NetAmount** | Pointer to **int64** | Represents the net amount of purchase that will be settled with the client.  &#x60;Net Amount &#x3D;&#x3D; Amount + Wage - Prepaid Fee - Prepaid Affiliate Fee - Shaparak Fee&#x60;.  If the client has no reseller, affiliate fee will be assumed as 0 in the above formula.  Fee and Affiliate Fee are decreased from purchase amount only in pre-paid mode.  Notes: In any case, The &#x60;Amount + Wage&#x60; will be added to the client&#39;s wallet default balance type (WLT) on purchase success.  After Shaparak (or PSP) settlement, the net amount will be added to the client&#39;s settleable balance type (STL) or settled directly to the client&#39;s IBAN.  This is available only if the **Early Fee Calculation** feature is enabled. | [optional] 
**Currency** | Pointer to **string** | Represents the currency type. | [optional] 
**CallbackUrl** | Pointer to **string** | Represents a callback which we should call in order to notify the client about a particular purchase state.  For example, when the user pays the purchase, we would redirect the user to this callback and let the client know about the payment. | [optional] 
**State** | Pointer to **string** | Represents the simple purchase state.  &lt;p&gt;  The following states indicate the purchase had a contradiction and now is resolved.  &lt;p&gt;  * &#x60;MANUALLY_SUCCESS&#x60;: The purchase has been successful manually.  * &#x60;REVERSED&#x60;: The purchase has been reversed manually. | [optional] 
**ClientReferenceNumber** | Pointer to **string** | A string value from client side to trace purchase in our system. This value is unique between client purchases. | [optional] 
**PspName** | Pointer to **string** | Represents the PSP name which the purchase belongs to. | [optional] 
**PspRrn** | Pointer to **string** | Represents the PSP Retrieval Reference Number, a key to uniquely identify a card transaction based on the ISO 8583 standard. | [optional] 
**PspReferenceNumber** | Pointer to **string** | Represents the PSP reference number. | [optional] 
**PspTraceNumber** | Pointer to **string** | Represents the PSP trace number. | [optional] 
**ExpirationDate** | Pointer to **time.Time** | When has the purchase been expired? | [optional] 
**UserIdentifier** | Pointer to **string** | Identifies the user in the client system. | [optional] 
**PayerMobileNumber** | Pointer to **string** | Represents the user mobile number. | [optional] 
**PayerCardNumber** | Pointer to **string** | Represents the user card number that the purchase is forced to do the transaction. | [optional] 
**PayerNationalCode** | Pointer to **string** | Represents the user national code that is used to check the owner of the PSP payer card. | [optional] 
**Description** | Pointer to **string** | An optional client provided description for the purchase. | [optional] 
**AdditionalData** | Pointer to **map[string]interface{}** | An optional additional data provided by the client in JSON format. | [optional] 
**PspMaskedCardNumber** | Pointer to **string** | Masked bank card number used to do the transaction. | [optional] 
**PspHashedCardNumber** | Pointer to **string** | Hashed bank card number used to do the transaction. Provided by PSP. | [optional] 
**PspCardOwner** | Pointer to **string** | Represents the card owner name. | [optional] 
**PspFailReason** | Pointer to **string** | Represents the PSP fail reason.  **DEPRECATED. For removal in the future. Use &#x60;pspFailReasons&#x60; instead.** | [optional] 
**PspFailReasons** | Pointer to [**[]PspFailReason**](PspFailReason.md) | Represents the list of PSP fail reasons. | [optional] 
**InitPayerIp** | Pointer to **string** | The IP address of the user calling the payment URL generated by us. | [optional] 
**RedirectPayerIp** | Pointer to **string** | The IP address of the user reported by the PSP. | [optional] 
**PspSettled** | Pointer to **bool** | Whether the PSP settled the payment. | [optional] 
**Refunded** | Pointer to **bool** | Whether the purchase is refunded. | [optional] 
**RefundInquiryResult** | Pointer to [**RefundInquiryResult**](RefundInquiryResult.md) |  | [optional] 
**RefundableAmount** | Pointer to **int64** | Represents the refundable amount. It is equal to or less than &#x60;amount + wage&#x60;. | [optional] 
**CreatedAt** | Pointer to **time.Time** | When the purchase created? | [optional] 
**BillingDate** | Pointer to **time.Time** | When was the billing date? Used to generate the billing receipt. | [optional] 
**VerifiedAt** | Pointer to **time.Time** | When was the payment verification date? | [optional] 
**PspSettledAt** | Pointer to **time.Time** | When the PSP settled the payment? | [optional] 
**SettlementId** | Pointer to **int64** | Indicates the identifier of the settlement which the purchase is settled by. | [optional] 
**HasContradiction** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether the purchase had a contradiction or not. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewDetailedPurchaseDto

`func NewDetailedPurchaseDto() *DetailedPurchaseDto`

NewDetailedPurchaseDto instantiates a new DetailedPurchaseDto object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewDetailedPurchaseDtoWithDefaults

`func NewDetailedPurchaseDtoWithDefaults() *DetailedPurchaseDto`

NewDetailedPurchaseDtoWithDefaults instantiates a new DetailedPurchaseDto object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetPurchaseId

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetPurchaseId() int64`

GetPurchaseId returns the PurchaseId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPurchaseIdOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetPurchaseIdOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetPurchaseIdOk returns a tuple with the PurchaseId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPurchaseId

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetPurchaseId(v int64)`

SetPurchaseId sets PurchaseId field to given value.

### HasPurchaseId

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasPurchaseId() bool`

HasPurchaseId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPurchaseIdStr

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetPurchaseIdStr() string`

GetPurchaseIdStr returns the PurchaseIdStr field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPurchaseIdStrOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetPurchaseIdStrOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPurchaseIdStrOk returns a tuple with the PurchaseIdStr field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPurchaseIdStr

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetPurchaseIdStr(v string)`

SetPurchaseIdStr sets PurchaseIdStr field to given value.

### HasPurchaseIdStr

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasPurchaseIdStr() bool`

HasPurchaseIdStr returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAmount

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetAmount() int64`

GetAmount returns the Amount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAmountOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetAmountOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetAmountOk returns a tuple with the Amount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAmount

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetAmount(v int64)`

SetAmount sets Amount field to given value.

### HasAmount

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasAmount() bool`

HasAmount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetWage

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetWage() int64`

GetWage returns the Wage field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetWageOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetWageOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetWageOk returns a tuple with the Wage field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetWage

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetWage(v int64)`

SetWage sets Wage field to given value.

### HasWage

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasWage() bool`

HasWage returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetFee

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetFee() int64`

GetFee returns the Fee field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFeeOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetFeeOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetFeeOk returns a tuple with the Fee field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFee

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetFee(v int64)`

SetFee sets Fee field to given value.

### HasFee

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasFee() bool`

HasFee returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetFeePaymentType

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetFeePaymentType() string`

GetFeePaymentType returns the FeePaymentType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFeePaymentTypeOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetFeePaymentTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetFeePaymentTypeOk returns a tuple with the FeePaymentType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFeePaymentType

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetFeePaymentType(v string)`

SetFeePaymentType sets FeePaymentType field to given value.

### HasFeePaymentType

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasFeePaymentType() bool`

HasFeePaymentType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetShaparakFee

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetShaparakFee() int64`

GetShaparakFee returns the ShaparakFee field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetShaparakFeeOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetShaparakFeeOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetShaparakFeeOk returns a tuple with the ShaparakFee field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetShaparakFee

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetShaparakFee(v int64)`

SetShaparakFee sets ShaparakFee field to given value.

### HasShaparakFee

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasShaparakFee() bool`

HasShaparakFee returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetResellerCode

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetResellerCode() string`

GetResellerCode returns the ResellerCode field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetResellerCodeOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetResellerCodeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetResellerCodeOk returns a tuple with the ResellerCode field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetResellerCode

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetResellerCode(v string)`

SetResellerCode sets ResellerCode field to given value.

### HasResellerCode

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasResellerCode() bool`

HasResellerCode returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAffiliateFee

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetAffiliateFee() int64`

GetAffiliateFee returns the AffiliateFee field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAffiliateFeeOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetAffiliateFeeOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetAffiliateFeeOk returns a tuple with the AffiliateFee field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAffiliateFee

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetAffiliateFee(v int64)`

SetAffiliateFee sets AffiliateFee field to given value.

### HasAffiliateFee

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasAffiliateFee() bool`

HasAffiliateFee returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetNetAmount

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetNetAmount() int64`

GetNetAmount returns the NetAmount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNetAmountOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetNetAmountOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetNetAmountOk returns a tuple with the NetAmount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNetAmount

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetNetAmount(v int64)`

SetNetAmount sets NetAmount field to given value.

### HasNetAmount

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasNetAmount() bool`

HasNetAmount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCurrency

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetCurrency() string`

GetCurrency returns the Currency field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCurrencyOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetCurrencyOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCurrencyOk returns a tuple with the Currency field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCurrency

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetCurrency(v string)`

SetCurrency sets Currency field to given value.

### HasCurrency

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasCurrency() bool`

HasCurrency returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCallbackUrl

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetCallbackUrl() string`

GetCallbackUrl returns the CallbackUrl field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCallbackUrlOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetCallbackUrlOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCallbackUrlOk returns a tuple with the CallbackUrl field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCallbackUrl

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetCallbackUrl(v string)`

SetCallbackUrl sets CallbackUrl field to given value.

### HasCallbackUrl

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasCallbackUrl() bool`

HasCallbackUrl returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetState

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetState() string`

GetState returns the State field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStateOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetStateOk() (*string, bool)`

GetStateOk returns a tuple with the State field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetState

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetState(v string)`

SetState sets State field to given value.

### HasState

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasState() bool`

HasState returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetClientReferenceNumber

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetClientReferenceNumber() string`

GetClientReferenceNumber returns the ClientReferenceNumber field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetClientReferenceNumberOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetClientReferenceNumberOk() (*string, bool)`

GetClientReferenceNumberOk returns a tuple with the ClientReferenceNumber field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetClientReferenceNumber

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetClientReferenceNumber(v string)`

SetClientReferenceNumber sets ClientReferenceNumber field to given value.

### HasClientReferenceNumber

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasClientReferenceNumber() bool`

HasClientReferenceNumber returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPspName

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetPspName() string`

GetPspName returns the PspName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPspNameOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetPspNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPspNameOk returns a tuple with the PspName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPspName

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetPspName(v string)`

SetPspName sets PspName field to given value.

### HasPspName

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasPspName() bool`

HasPspName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPspRrn

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetPspRrn() string`

GetPspRrn returns the PspRrn field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPspRrnOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetPspRrnOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPspRrnOk returns a tuple with the PspRrn field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPspRrn

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetPspRrn(v string)`

SetPspRrn sets PspRrn field to given value.

### HasPspRrn

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasPspRrn() bool`

HasPspRrn returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPspReferenceNumber

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetPspReferenceNumber() string`

GetPspReferenceNumber returns the PspReferenceNumber field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPspReferenceNumberOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetPspReferenceNumberOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPspReferenceNumberOk returns a tuple with the PspReferenceNumber field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPspReferenceNumber

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetPspReferenceNumber(v string)`

SetPspReferenceNumber sets PspReferenceNumber field to given value.

### HasPspReferenceNumber

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasPspReferenceNumber() bool`

HasPspReferenceNumber returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPspTraceNumber

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetPspTraceNumber() string`

GetPspTraceNumber returns the PspTraceNumber field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPspTraceNumberOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetPspTraceNumberOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPspTraceNumberOk returns a tuple with the PspTraceNumber field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPspTraceNumber

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetPspTraceNumber(v string)`

SetPspTraceNumber sets PspTraceNumber field to given value.

### HasPspTraceNumber

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasPspTraceNumber() bool`

HasPspTraceNumber returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetExpirationDate

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetExpirationDate() time.Time`

GetExpirationDate returns the ExpirationDate field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExpirationDateOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetExpirationDateOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetExpirationDateOk returns a tuple with the ExpirationDate field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExpirationDate

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetExpirationDate(v time.Time)`

SetExpirationDate sets ExpirationDate field to given value.

### HasExpirationDate

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasExpirationDate() bool`

HasExpirationDate returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUserIdentifier

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetUserIdentifier() string`

GetUserIdentifier returns the UserIdentifier field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUserIdentifierOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetUserIdentifierOk() (*string, bool)`

GetUserIdentifierOk returns a tuple with the UserIdentifier field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUserIdentifier

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetUserIdentifier(v string)`

SetUserIdentifier sets UserIdentifier field to given value.

### HasUserIdentifier

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasUserIdentifier() bool`

HasUserIdentifier returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPayerMobileNumber

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetPayerMobileNumber() string`

GetPayerMobileNumber returns the PayerMobileNumber field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPayerMobileNumberOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetPayerMobileNumberOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPayerMobileNumberOk returns a tuple with the PayerMobileNumber field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPayerMobileNumber

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetPayerMobileNumber(v string)`

SetPayerMobileNumber sets PayerMobileNumber field to given value.

### HasPayerMobileNumber

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasPayerMobileNumber() bool`

HasPayerMobileNumber returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPayerCardNumber

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetPayerCardNumber() string`

GetPayerCardNumber returns the PayerCardNumber field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPayerCardNumberOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetPayerCardNumberOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPayerCardNumberOk returns a tuple with the PayerCardNumber field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPayerCardNumber

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetPayerCardNumber(v string)`

SetPayerCardNumber sets PayerCardNumber field to given value.

### HasPayerCardNumber

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasPayerCardNumber() bool`

HasPayerCardNumber returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPayerNationalCode

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetPayerNationalCode() string`

GetPayerNationalCode returns the PayerNationalCode field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPayerNationalCodeOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetPayerNationalCodeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPayerNationalCodeOk returns a tuple with the PayerNationalCode field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPayerNationalCode

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetPayerNationalCode(v string)`

SetPayerNationalCode sets PayerNationalCode field to given value.

### HasPayerNationalCode

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasPayerNationalCode() bool`

HasPayerNationalCode returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDescription

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetDescription() string`

GetDescription returns the Description field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDescriptionOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetDescriptionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDescriptionOk returns a tuple with the Description field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDescription

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetDescription(v string)`

SetDescription sets Description field to given value.

### HasDescription

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasDescription() bool`

HasDescription returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAdditionalData

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetAdditionalData() map[string]interface{}`

GetAdditionalData returns the AdditionalData field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAdditionalDataOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetAdditionalDataOk() (*map[string]interface{}, bool)`

GetAdditionalDataOk returns a tuple with the AdditionalData field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAdditionalData

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetAdditionalData(v map[string]interface{})`

SetAdditionalData sets AdditionalData field to given value.

### HasAdditionalData

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasAdditionalData() bool`

HasAdditionalData returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPspMaskedCardNumber

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetPspMaskedCardNumber() string`

GetPspMaskedCardNumber returns the PspMaskedCardNumber field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPspMaskedCardNumberOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetPspMaskedCardNumberOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPspMaskedCardNumberOk returns a tuple with the PspMaskedCardNumber field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPspMaskedCardNumber

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetPspMaskedCardNumber(v string)`

SetPspMaskedCardNumber sets PspMaskedCardNumber field to given value.

### HasPspMaskedCardNumber

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasPspMaskedCardNumber() bool`

HasPspMaskedCardNumber returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPspHashedCardNumber

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetPspHashedCardNumber() string`

GetPspHashedCardNumber returns the PspHashedCardNumber field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPspHashedCardNumberOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetPspHashedCardNumberOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPspHashedCardNumberOk returns a tuple with the PspHashedCardNumber field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPspHashedCardNumber

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetPspHashedCardNumber(v string)`

SetPspHashedCardNumber sets PspHashedCardNumber field to given value.

### HasPspHashedCardNumber

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasPspHashedCardNumber() bool`

HasPspHashedCardNumber returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPspCardOwner

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetPspCardOwner() string`

GetPspCardOwner returns the PspCardOwner field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPspCardOwnerOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetPspCardOwnerOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPspCardOwnerOk returns a tuple with the PspCardOwner field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPspCardOwner

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetPspCardOwner(v string)`

SetPspCardOwner sets PspCardOwner field to given value.

### HasPspCardOwner

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasPspCardOwner() bool`

HasPspCardOwner returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPspFailReason

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetPspFailReason() string`

GetPspFailReason returns the PspFailReason field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPspFailReasonOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetPspFailReasonOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPspFailReasonOk returns a tuple with the PspFailReason field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPspFailReason

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetPspFailReason(v string)`

SetPspFailReason sets PspFailReason field to given value.

### HasPspFailReason

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasPspFailReason() bool`

HasPspFailReason returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPspFailReasons

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetPspFailReasons() []PspFailReason`

GetPspFailReasons returns the PspFailReasons field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPspFailReasonsOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetPspFailReasonsOk() (*[]PspFailReason, bool)`

GetPspFailReasonsOk returns a tuple with the PspFailReasons field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPspFailReasons

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetPspFailReasons(v []PspFailReason)`

SetPspFailReasons sets PspFailReasons field to given value.

### HasPspFailReasons

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasPspFailReasons() bool`

HasPspFailReasons returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetInitPayerIp

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetInitPayerIp() string`

GetInitPayerIp returns the InitPayerIp field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetInitPayerIpOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetInitPayerIpOk() (*string, bool)`

GetInitPayerIpOk returns a tuple with the InitPayerIp field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetInitPayerIp

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetInitPayerIp(v string)`

SetInitPayerIp sets InitPayerIp field to given value.

### HasInitPayerIp

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasInitPayerIp() bool`

HasInitPayerIp returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRedirectPayerIp

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetRedirectPayerIp() string`

GetRedirectPayerIp returns the RedirectPayerIp field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRedirectPayerIpOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetRedirectPayerIpOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRedirectPayerIpOk returns a tuple with the RedirectPayerIp field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRedirectPayerIp

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetRedirectPayerIp(v string)`

SetRedirectPayerIp sets RedirectPayerIp field to given value.

### HasRedirectPayerIp

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasRedirectPayerIp() bool`

HasRedirectPayerIp returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPspSettled

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetPspSettled() bool`

GetPspSettled returns the PspSettled field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPspSettledOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetPspSettledOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetPspSettledOk returns a tuple with the PspSettled field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPspSettled

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetPspSettled(v bool)`

SetPspSettled sets PspSettled field to given value.

### HasPspSettled

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasPspSettled() bool`

HasPspSettled returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRefunded

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetRefunded() bool`

GetRefunded returns the Refunded field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRefundedOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetRefundedOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetRefundedOk returns a tuple with the Refunded field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRefunded

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetRefunded(v bool)`

SetRefunded sets Refunded field to given value.

### HasRefunded

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasRefunded() bool`

HasRefunded returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRefundInquiryResult

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetRefundInquiryResult() RefundInquiryResult`

GetRefundInquiryResult returns the RefundInquiryResult field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRefundInquiryResultOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetRefundInquiryResultOk() (*RefundInquiryResult, bool)`

GetRefundInquiryResultOk returns a tuple with the RefundInquiryResult field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRefundInquiryResult

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetRefundInquiryResult(v RefundInquiryResult)`

SetRefundInquiryResult sets RefundInquiryResult field to given value.

### HasRefundInquiryResult

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasRefundInquiryResult() bool`

HasRefundInquiryResult returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRefundableAmount

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetRefundableAmount() int64`

GetRefundableAmount returns the RefundableAmount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRefundableAmountOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetRefundableAmountOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetRefundableAmountOk returns a tuple with the RefundableAmount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRefundableAmount

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetRefundableAmount(v int64)`

SetRefundableAmount sets RefundableAmount field to given value.

### HasRefundableAmount

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasRefundableAmount() bool`

HasRefundableAmount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCreatedAt

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetCreatedAt() time.Time`

GetCreatedAt returns the CreatedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreatedAtOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetCreatedAtOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetCreatedAtOk returns a tuple with the CreatedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreatedAt

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetCreatedAt(v time.Time)`

SetCreatedAt sets CreatedAt field to given value.

### HasCreatedAt

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasCreatedAt() bool`

HasCreatedAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetBillingDate

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetBillingDate() time.Time`

GetBillingDate returns the BillingDate field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetBillingDateOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetBillingDateOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetBillingDateOk returns a tuple with the BillingDate field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetBillingDate

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetBillingDate(v time.Time)`

SetBillingDate sets BillingDate field to given value.

### HasBillingDate

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasBillingDate() bool`

HasBillingDate returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetVerifiedAt

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetVerifiedAt() time.Time`

GetVerifiedAt returns the VerifiedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetVerifiedAtOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetVerifiedAtOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetVerifiedAtOk returns a tuple with the VerifiedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetVerifiedAt

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetVerifiedAt(v time.Time)`

SetVerifiedAt sets VerifiedAt field to given value.

### HasVerifiedAt

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasVerifiedAt() bool`

HasVerifiedAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPspSettledAt

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetPspSettledAt() time.Time`

GetPspSettledAt returns the PspSettledAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPspSettledAtOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetPspSettledAtOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetPspSettledAtOk returns a tuple with the PspSettledAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPspSettledAt

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetPspSettledAt(v time.Time)`

SetPspSettledAt sets PspSettledAt field to given value.

### HasPspSettledAt

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasPspSettledAt() bool`

HasPspSettledAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSettlementId

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetSettlementId() int64`

GetSettlementId returns the SettlementId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSettlementIdOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetSettlementIdOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetSettlementIdOk returns a tuple with the SettlementId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSettlementId

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetSettlementId(v int64)`

SetSettlementId sets SettlementId field to given value.

### HasSettlementId

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasSettlementId() bool`

HasSettlementId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetHasContradiction

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetHasContradiction() bool`

GetHasContradiction returns the HasContradiction field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHasContradictionOk

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) GetHasContradictionOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetHasContradictionOk returns a tuple with the HasContradiction field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHasContradiction

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) SetHasContradiction(v bool)`

SetHasContradiction sets HasContradiction field to given value.

### HasHasContradiction

`func (o *DetailedPurchaseDto) HasHasContradiction() bool`

HasHasContradiction returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


